you read them or you
[Music]
don't to do the rounds with the Twisted
Coke hereit some balloons go up and
smoke take a deep breath try not to
choke intoxication kiss a poison get
your real gone grab you on the low play
it on line will the witch fly home spit
high five on the microphone the to so
good they Minds all blown magic of the
Cal The Man Who Laughs in the purple
trees light be got the sticky icky make
you sneeze Twilight Zone Haze the jelly
beans I run with a Georgia Queen MK
Ultra project Monarch drugs the
population like who on did you think
they were experimenting now sugar skull
wizard Walks By Fire King cast a spell
hot purple for the eyes Beetle Juice AR
the clown boo Penny wise hail Satan
Gypsy Queen of the
cachos knows what I mean burnning purple
licks sing with the
muses orious
welcome back to Lady Babylon this is
initiating apocalypse and
tonight tonight we were we're going to
have another public service announcement
for everybody involved so that we can
avoid another Pitfall so that the
members of satanic
congregation can understand and navigate
the real good these are our
antidotes are you ready tonight are you
ready we're injecting antidote tonight
hail Satan and D thanks for reminding me
hail Satan everybody oh somebody wants
the cup of porna oh for those of you who
are sending me oh the Articles it's
glorious they found a cop in Egypt oh we
should have featured this chewy they
found a c in Egypt anyway it's full of
psychotropic drugs and body fluids
ejaculate baby stuff in there that makes
you want to think they were doing some
kind of
mystery W love it oh somebody go look it
up what's in that can we still drink it
what if we put some water in it right
they should become a thing right where
can I get one of those we call it an
Egyptian hooa wo give it to me good job
people in Egypt you we're going to
reward the Egyptians twice tonight you
know there are a lot of ancient dead
Greeks who love Egypt yeah sometimes
they give Egypt too much credit say the
other Greeks right but since you know
Greek is brings us the museum and the
library you know it's hard for them to
say much shut up and sit
down tonight's
lesson of Public
Safety
yeah is look at what we've got keep your
eyes
open use your
reason now we're going to ease into this
I'm going to take you back to a great
drug party is everybody ready to go big
giant drug party now most
Scholars will tell you that these drug
parties don't exist because recreational
drugs are not a thing of antiquity as
you will hear
distinguished
pretense from Academia just like I ran
up against a long long time
ago satanic congregation I'm sorry to
report
tonight that the ceiling has not been
breached yeah no we didn't break through
I thought we were for a minute there I
thought we were let's hear it tonight
let's go in and see what people are
saying um this is Garrett may I
introduce you to Garrett and Garrett is
and
historian he's an
historian
okay I I want to warn you before we go
in there are classical
philologists and there are
historians of
ancient Greece or
Rome right and these historians do
not have to meet any anything but a very
very base
requirement for the
language and classical philologist are
quick to tell historians get thee out of
the
sanctuary this is where we keep the text
this is where all of us who were in the
dojo swear the same Oaths to the
same
mother do you understand oh it's
gorgeous it's gorgeous let's play it
okay who have we got Garrett come in
here it's I feel like I'm in Rome you
know how if you want to know how I feel
imagine yourself in Rome and you're
walking into the form right and you're
beholding all the beautiful
reality that's left to us in the
stone oh
God oh God it's gorgeous right and then
there's Derek sitting there and Derek
wants you Derek did I see Derek oh that
was some kind of mental slip who is
Garrett there it is don't don't go all
Freudian right um Garrett here he comes
Garrett right and here he is and
Garrett's got a sign and it says I will
give you a
tour I will give you a tour we're going
to look at a tour guide
historian right do you understand when
you go to the
doctor yeah make sure that your dude is
an actual cardiologist broh let's see
what happens now people don't know it
out there but classes have a
notorious well I don't know this one
does has have
notorious uh biases against historians
because they don't go they you know it's
their concern is not the actual
language right which I don't know I
don't know I think it's a comp out I
think it's like ancient civilization
light right you got to go in with the
Greek bro you got to go in and somebody
will say oh I can go in listen little
child I know you have not exercised as
you have needed to to be able to claim
the rights of knowing these
texts yes that's what happens every once
in a while so um here it is Garrett
let's take him out this is going to be a
tour give me the first clip go ahead so
everything he's saying about Galen is
absolutely right you know Galen is a
doctor in the second century ad who was
enormously prolific she about a tenth of
all classical literature we have written
in Greek before the year 300 is by Galen
is that prolific um and he writes about
everything medical and some things that
are not quite so medical like philosophy
and things pertaining to Medicine um but
gayen RS about antidotes um including
this thec that he's talking about which
is this the Supreme antidote to anything
IDE is that any poison will be counter
counteracted by a theak um and theak
means U like wild beast it had a Viper
flesh it's one of its components kind of
interesting Viper flesh Viper flesh
rotten Viper flesh yeah must have tasted
great um along with like rare spices and
stuff which supposed to deal with any
kind of drugs you can
ingest all right thank you for this
dinner oh Lord Satan thank you so much
for this
dinner um what you're getting is a tour
guide's view um somebody who's actually
spent the time to read that
Galen um is going to know things what
did he just say people
10% yeah
10% of all of your
literature is this dude who you never
read well guess what I spent the last 30
years doing just that and it's not just
him it's a whole bunch of authors that I
could mention to this historian that he
would not know Garrett would not know
the these names I'm going to bring you
one of those tonight just pull them out
of The Ether to show you to show you
people do you see do you
see yeah this is why these people do
this the prevailing VI is that there
were no recreational
drugs how delightful you make
this the
tension that you possessing
your
cheeks is delightful keep
squeezing thank
you yeah let's find
it um go to the next one chewy but um
whether there was recreational drug use
in the ancient world is very
controversial because we just don't know
we don't have any evidence for it they
used opium pretty widely in medicinal
contexts and it stands to reason that
there must have been some recreational
use too of opium and um even if
marijuana because hemp is grown widely
um for rope mostly oh really um yeah
yeah but uh no Source mentions this and
as far as we can tell their drug of
choice is always just wine you know
maybe wine lace with certain stuff but
always just wine and so classes get
really Le
about any kind of assertion that's not
supported by at least one textual
reference you know something and I
imagine that his committee was really
concerned about that that there was no
hard evidence for these same compounds
that they can be used recreationally
absolutely but were they we just don't
know we just don't have that kind of
evidence we just don't have that kind of
evidence would you'd like to see do you
know what I've brought tonight I brought
you some things that you would never see
now listen congregation you listen to
this guy that sounds oh well he's using
some terminology he know sounds like he
knows he's at least walked around Rome a
few times you know what I mean and he's
got this no um the fact that he would
say we have no evidence is hilarious
it's absolutely hilarious it's like
you're going to question this person's
sanity right excuse me excuse me do you
see how the same
ceiling is in
place now as we all know they didn't
call these things recreational drugs
right drugs are drugs they had a lot of
words for the things the drugs did to
you and that's what we're going to look
at tonight no evidence now remember he
told you he fessed up gayen is 10%
dude well what happens he says he writes
about it thec and this is a magical
thing that cures you of all he didn't
say magical but he made it sound that
way it's an all cure no it's not what
are you talking about you're confusing
the
mytic that's what you're confusing and
you don't even understand how it was
used during the parts of this they talk
about Marcus aelius oh I think we've got
one of those this is glorious people
just hang on just hang on right
everything remember a lot of past
episodes right they obviously haven't
been watching they need to watch right
and see the evidence not just to sit
there and blah blah you know when that
tour guide comes up to you in Rome you
tell that person no I don't want your
stupid tour do you understand me you
tell them that right to their face and
people like oh that's bad for
tourism let them Hawk their t-shirts
somewhere else
and you walk right up to those monuments
and you you feel the vibe off of them
you walk into those places of antiquity
where those ghosts are and you feel it
right ignore the T-shirt
sellers what is a historical narrative
other than a sale of
t-shirts it's a merchandise and
historians love to sell you on their
narratives
do you understand now what we're going
to do is I'm going to bring you to the
wild recreational drug Place we've got
one more clip go ahead play the clip
because I want you to see the Marcus
Aria stuff go ahead boom other claim I I
forget where it is in here so I don't
want to go looking for it while we're on
air but I I think I can explain it
enough for you to be able to give some
sort of runway on it but another major
claim that Amon makes from reading the
texts of galin and the Diaries of Galen
and and the stuff that he would leave
behind is is and I think Aman probably
exaggerates it just because I think he
tends to kind of do that but like he
does say I think correctly that Galen
put Marcus aurelus on various drugs
including thec that involved opium so
especially later in Marcus's life and
that I think am and takes it and says
that like meditations for example and
stoicism was written with him high on
drugs like this is there evidence to to
back that
up okay Marcus aelius now part of the
debate that people were talking about
there is um you know because you cannot
deny that he's on drugs because his
physician says he is right um the other
thing that they don't consider because
neither of these people people have read
these texts they've not actually read
them right none most of this is not
translated people right this is 10%
according to
Garrett right the tour guide lovely
cheeks oh god um this is the tour guide
telling you before
300 right um this is a tenth of all
right is that
means if Garrett is
right what are we looking at we're
looking at one out of 10 passages that
you read in ancient Greek is g to be in
galin so isn't it nice that I've spent
30 years reading it
all fantastic have I read it all yet
no
no uhhuh will I ever I don't think so I
don't think so there's a couple of his
works that I'm that I just keep pushing
I just you know I just anyway anyway and
one of those is the
antidotes so when Garrett talks about
theak he's thinking back to a play of
History where some historian said oh
there was this Mythic guy
mythes and he's got this Mythic thing
thec and it's an all
cure that's not what the thec is and I'm
going to show you tonight I'm going to
bring out everything that was just said
I'm going to go just to a text this is
nothing
personal right Garrett has his rightful
place but I want you to
see that the information in the tour
guides
manual is not
accurate and if even if it's just a
little bit
inaccurate we've got a big big
problem right were they using
recreational drugs it sounds it's after
everything we've seen lady Babylon after
everything we've seen all the texts oh
my God all the christing after all of
that yeah there is still a resistance to
reality let's do it oh God how do I get
into these places I'm right there can
you feel the cerebrum
oh yes let's do
this give it to me do you know what
happens people when you mess around with
the texts you know what I mean the
history let the historians have their
way but you know I want to warn the
historian I want to warn him Garrett you
you supposedly serve a muse what are you
doing man what are you doing
oh God it's shoddy all right people what
is this this is a passage of Homer oh
yeah do you know let me just set it up
for you this way here take it down for a
sec let me just set it up for you this
way it is a
party it's right before
sunrise and we have been partying all
night long because we've got guests that
we haven't seen in a long time in a long
time
and about 3:00 in the morning one of
them opened up told us about all the bad
things that happened to oh God dead
relatives all sorts of stuff and what do
we do everybody's busting down crying
they're all
crying
oh and
Helen Helen is there right isn't it nice
you want to go to a party with Helen of
Troy oh my goodness look there she is
fantastic
fantastic what does she get in her mind
she gets in her mind to take some drugs
and to put them into the wine so that
people can feel good again so that
people can feel good again isn't that
nice it's a gorgeous gorgeous scene and
for some reason classicists have a
abandoned Homer can not a classes
historians they never were with Homer in
the first place but classicists know
that in Antiquity this beautiful
beautiful mother creek this language it
was more advanced than anything around
it period this
language yeah
yeah she took me me in she took me in
and could s me did you see that just ate
the thought right out of my head I just
I stared into the glory of ancient Greek
and I just I can't get away it's like
Helen of Troy man it's like Helen of
Troy so
beautiful Helen takes these drugs and
puts them into the drink and I'm G to
show you what kind of drugs are
classicist shame on you you know the
ancient world was educated
with Homer that's how we taught Greek
from the beginning
baby oh oh shame on you if you don't
know
that here it is give it to me in Homer
right so every scholar on the planet
every histor and tour guide every
classical
philologist pay attention now please so
we don't have to do this repeatedly I
thought we broke this roof a long time
ago hit it watch we're going to blow the
blow the living Jesus out of this thing
are you
ready I think I just inv new yeah but
get somebody in the poophole for that
that's fantastic right now for people
who are new and don't understand what
the poophole is that is not a reference
to any sort of um inappropriate behavior
it is a hole in which we put Inky Doo
and then pooped on him so that he would
know
how you know how it is it's a reality a
reflection of reality now if you have a
problem with that you better that's how
hell is baby it's how put me up in the
corner let me say hi to the devil
hello oh it's fantastic first give me
that First Source keep me up there in
the corner that's much better I like it
everybody loves it oh God okay here it
is in Homer let me take a little drink
oh
fantastic so Helen the daughter of
Zeus came up with an idea she put
pharmacon into the
wine she put drugs into the wine and
they drank this stuff and it is nepen
and
aolon it is something that causes you to
enter enter into
Oblivion it is without that Toxic effect
it is that which brings you
forgetfulness right whoever drinks this
stuff when it's mixed up together in the
crater that's their mixing bull cool and
what happens to them for a whole day for
a whole day they can't shed a tear
they can't shed a tear and you can have
their mother and their father sit there
and get killed right in front of them
right in front of them maybe a brother
maybe a beloved
child have them get stabbed right there
and you know what they wouldn't lift the
eye nothing it wouldn't affect them it
wouldn't bat an eye man
right they're in a state what kind of
state these powerful drugs the text says
such powerful drugs had the daughter of
Zeus
these
yeah what are those drugs they're
ment they're drugs that augment your
mind drugs that augment your mind you
mean they have a word for psychedelic
ride in the freaking Homer and the
morons who are sitting around being
nerds about Julius Caesar and yanking
and spanking in the back rooms they
don't know it's right in the text you
know how frustrating it is to be
surrounded with people who were selling
for the
benefit of themselves at the cost of
history at the cost of reality
it's incompetence dude it's incompetence
and for the incompetence I give
spankings and I know the congregation
loves this people imagine them imagine
them in their
pretense imagine
them take down your pants you
pretentious slug
bums go sell your books you know what
the devil told me he's going to take
your merch and he's going to shove it
[Music]
your and I get to spank you forever in
hell isn't that nice I love it I
absolutely love it now let's shove it
let's shove it let's just give them are
you ready people the people of satanic
congregation tell me if you get a charge
is this something is it is there an
energy you know what I mean oh yeah oh
God you're right let me hear you moan
you know what I mean give it to me what
are you don't cut them off they were
just talking to
me no I'm serious should we bring it
back please I was liking
it okay come on come on whip him up oh I
guess it's too early I guess it's too
early learn to read oh God amateurs we
have problems give me the next one give
me the next one hurry before they run
into a Frizzle are you ready people here
what else does it say we're not done
with the drugs yet people well you could
kill this dude's family in front of they
wouldn't bat an
eye they have these drugs that affect
the mind you know where she got him she
got him from a woman ma named all
Destroyer she gave him to her oh it's
the wife of thwn and that's the she's an
Egyptian woman do you know her you know
Egypt I'm still transl you know Egypt
still its land has these substances that
grow it produce life their pharmica
their
drugs yeah and you can mix them up and
they can be put you into a good place or
they can put you into a real real bad
place and every person down this place
in Egypt they're they're all doctors
right that's how much they know about
these drugs they're The Offspring of
Pion The Offspring of Pion who's that
Pion is the savior is the savior if
youve this far in the cult and you don't
know that Pion is the savior then we've
got a problem wait a minute Homer is
talking about the Savior and the use of
drugs
yes just like the
Christians just like Christians when
Jesus says
Hees kids come here now this was not
when he was in the public park at 4:00
a.m. getting arrested with the naked kid
wasn't that right this is a different
time he says this is after he's taken
vampire form right kind of yeah I think
he has vampire bodies that time anyway
he says remember he says um hey I'm
gonna give you
poison I'm gonna give you son seon it's
it's a death inducer right the
Venoms that they're using he says I'm
going to give them to you and it won't
hurt you right and you'll have ionic
life right oh isn't that nice isn't it
nice to find the real savior the real
Jesus Christ and look it's not like look
the the academics they want to sell you
something right you know they sit in
rooms I was there with them they sit in
rooms and they come up with ideas to
write about so that they can climb the
ladder and make some more money
do you understand right so the ideas are
hooked directly into the money it's just
like grants at a university right
whatever you're researching it's coming
from somebody with a fraking
agenda right oh that's how the money is
that's how the money is remember the
fury said your greed stains your soul
with a Sten of Ruin right sell the
t-shirts just sell the t-shirts I always
thought it was about the music
I always thought it was about the music
oh God come to find out it was this
t-shirt
booths okay uh who's the one doing this
tonight now look I just read you the
whole thing now I'm going to show
you word by word the beauty that's in
here what's this first one this is sexy
this is Helen right who's the other
woman that we have that we have
Bo yeah she subdues a lot lot of stuff
man very much all the time
domus
right
damn right
that's that's um look I want you to
notice this is two women who first of
all okay just get out of the squad car
we'll make the arrest in a minute but
here's Helen and here's paully DNA
and they're women and they are the ones
who know the
drugs right this is uh uh what's going
on um yeah it turns out in Antiquity in
Antiquity the drugs are coming from the
female
dominant groups like The Mid wives right
it's called so the medical it's all
coming from that side so we can never
leave those people we can never leave
them with their bre milk oh we've got to
get back into their breast milk what do
we have to do to get this whole world
lactating
right
fantastic um it's
used you know funny thing was just this
morning was talking with a student
couple of days ago and just this morning
I was reading text and it was talking
about
breasts with respect to the milk and all
the goodies that
come through the milk should the person
be you
know
trated with the
drugs isn't that interesting I told you
it's poly
Pharmacy right it's poly Pharmacy in
Antiquity you're turning the human body
into the cup that's why Zeus prefers
ganam right okay ganim's a cup nobody
forgot that right
right we we're gonna by the way we're
gonna talk about Santa Claus are we
going to talk about Santa Claus next
time when it's closer yeah a little bit
closer Chewy's got to think about Santa
Claus so we're gonna talk about Santa
Claus who by the way I don't mean to
spoil it for the kids but he's a total
freak okay okay no no I'm I'm not even
gonna say anything I'm just gonna play
you something from somebody um that I
highly highly respect is a classical
philologist and then is Carl Ruck um
fantastic little bit that he um was
interviewed in and it's just gorgeous
it's just gorgeous and his goodness as a
human being bads through it just I don't
know anyway it's not me give me the next
one um look people what are they going
to put into the wine Ace oon
Bon now people remember the clips are
saying well we don't know they're doing
this or not did you people not read this
right nobody read this give me the next
one this is going to be a roller coaster
what are these how do we describe these
ancient drugs these are the two
adjectives that
describe the pharmica that they're
talking about nepenthes and aolon let's
go to nepenthes First what is that what
kind of drugs are these they're drugs
that do what they're drugs that treat
penthos G G
sorrow did you know that Depression was
considered a disease that was treatable
in
Antiquity and what were the treatments
drugs drugs and diet don't get me wrong
it was also a whole big thing about what
you eat and stuff and gayen talks about
the bathing and stuff too oh God these
people are obsessed with bathing did you
ever think bathing was healthy oh God I
mean who doesn't like a long hot shower
but um you
know as a invigorator I suppose give it
to me the next one um what else are we
oh we're a colos right we don't have
this bile and people will say oh this is
whenever somebody gives you the tour of
galin like Garrett did they'll bring up
humoral
pathology right and by the way gayen did
not
right as the as was said before he
didn't write diaries that doesn't exist
I don't know what that never came out of
my mouth um yeah no please don't be
mistaken there's a lot that he wrote but
Diaries is not one of them you know what
I mean give me the next one you see
people there's a difference between
actually talking about the material and
knowing it right right fantastic holy
it's G or bile I want you to look down
at numbers three this is hilarious look
in Hebrew it's rash a poisonous plant
now watch variously called himl or poppy
now the reason that's so funny is
because we know that Hebrew at the time
already only has like 7,000 words right
according to the head of Hebrew
University anyway it's only got like
7,000 words so they're I'm sor
I'm sorry because by this time remember
the library at Alexandria is huge right
there's oh God there's thousands of
Greek authors that you I mean there's
you know there's a whole bunch of um
authors that we have just attributed
quotes to there's just Physicians
there's hundreds and hundreds of
Physicians gay and quotes that I'm like
H I'll never see that name again right
no no idea where are these people right
um but that's funny because that's where
the language is on one side whereas the
language of Hebrew at the time it's not
it's not able to keep up so you have to
make choices and you know General word
plan yeah it could be poppy or it could
be right um Hemlock or something right
it's funny because the plants are so
different it's a sign of the forge
people right there was no Hebrew being
spoken at the time um it's trying to be
revived by rabbis and they're stuck with
only about 7,000 words so it's very very
difficult to try to back translate the
septu aent that's what that's what the
real problem is fantastic look at that
opium so they talked about opium right
they talked about opium let's keep going
boom I want you to notice we're going to
talk about what is something that's AOS
a drug that's AOS
right look at the very
bottom yeah it's a laying bio or
anger bio or anger right you're treating
somebody when you apply what we would
call recreational drugs to them they're
using these as
treatments did they have recreational
drugs and Antiquity of course they did I
want to tell Garrett Garrett look just
look at one thing look at take it down
for a minute look Garrett all you leave
that one up that's nice Garrett put
yourself in this guy's shoes for a
minute okay just think about I want to
give you a project Garrett I want you to
read from the Corpus metac Corum gorum
and I want you to just look for sex
drugs sex drugs how's that Garrett I can
send you these references Garrett to the
dildos to the drugs they put on the
dildos to the names of the drugs look
you can just you love the Roman side
just suck the teeth of the satian and
find out the cyrion is a sex
drug it's in the text of
Patronus why why we don't know if they
use we don't know if they use
any listen to you tour
guide God people in satanic congregation
don't let these people fool you don't
let these people fool you it's
pretense it is pretense which is our Mr
Rogers word for the evening okay let's
have some fun let's keep going and just
look what are some more of the details
of this whole drug business in Homer
give me the next one here what does the
drug do it's a drug that is
nenic and they the victorians put here
an opiate right now I want you to look
at the second line nenes
is an epithet of the god of
Music isn't that gorgeous nepenthes is
the epithet it's like a title of the god
of
Music He is the
Healer do you understand he is Apollo
the Healer he
is
Pon the
Savior the
christed isn't that gorgeous isn't that
gorgeous right none of these people that
are interviewing none of them the one
weapon they absolutely cannot stand
against I mean they can't stand against
any of it but the the real thing they
can't they can't work with is the Christ
thing you don't even know what a Christ
thing
is what's a Christ thing really I'm
going to take about 50 Christ things and
I'm going to give them to Garrett come
here Garrett you know what you want to
be I'm going to give you a tour now you
know what we're going to go to Pompei we
going to go to the pharmacy and I'm
gonna take you out back and I'm gonna
give you something Garrett and you are
gonna like it do you understand I don't
want to hear any
complaints sources people garrot it's so
nice to have you so nice to have you
here I'll educate you
right give me the next one
Nemesis
epon what else are these drugs that
she's working on the the ones that bring
Ley what is Ley Lethy is an amnestic it
is
amnesia it is
forgetfulness have you ever been in a
state of Ley that is so strong I could
take your mother and kill her in front
of you and you wouldn't even think about
it no
tears boom no tears I can take you to a
place I know some of you have been
chasing it I know some of you have been
chasing
[Laughter]
it right no
tears yeah that's
nice um go ahead give it to me
were you going to get some comments and
there I wanted to keep going we don't
have to rush we don't have to
rush people I want you to notice also
that this um Le is personified please
understand that
Oblivion is a
person Oblivion is a person who's your
dance partner dance partner's Oblivion
tonight H excuse me
Helen Helen brings us
Oblivion isn't that gorgeous isn't that
gorgeous what do you think he did that
young guy right he sat there and he
stared at her he stared at her the whole
evening you know what he did he went to
he lived the rest of his life thinking
about that
goddess thinking about that goddess in
that
place that place of
Ley now you tell tell me how much
mystery how much mystery do we have give
it to me give it to me you know if you
take her out you take Helen out you get
Christianity Judaism and
Islam isn't that interesting give it to
me whoever I want you to see this what
happens to the patients Doctor Who take
this
drug the patients who take the stuff
that you're mixing up in those
craters a whole period of a day right
absolutely no show of emotion and mother
and when mother and father are killed
you know you can you can do this nothing
absolutely nothing is going to happen
you can slay
someone right they won't see
it
right they'll be looking right at it but
they won't see it
now what do you
think about the powers of the Bronze Age
drugs remember this is the Bronze Age
When You Can Get Shipwrecked on an
island and a woman can turn you into a
sex slave and cut your testicles
off and give you
drugs have you been to one of these
islands that's fantastic that's
fantastic my God my God man you talk
about feminine power look at what they
did they developed that Tech and the
next thing you know you got boys singing
songs with real High voices and you can
pump those kids full of drugs and cause
them to be your unic sax
slaves saders people we make saders out
of them yeah it's the only reason it's
the only reason the whole system works
right it's the drugs it's the drugs that
bring out the
horns right remember I told you Jesus
had horns and you didn't believe me I
told you I begged you I was like look
look look at Michelangelo's Moses man
look at he's got horns for
reason yeah so does Jesus so does Jesus
do you remember where the text was what
that what text was that oh
God it doesn't matter it doesn't matter
let's keep going cuz I have a couple of
sparkly kind of really nice you're going
to love this go hit it um what is the
kind of drug here that she's got it's
called mate o and I just want you to see
mate o is what it's wise and counil it's
an epithet of Zeus can mean you know
Wise well chosen helpful but look it has
to do with
remedies
remedies okay
specific remedies and I know we've never
heard of this at lady Babylon we've
never heard of this at lady Babylon
remedies that will make you
wise huh what if there's a field of
medicine out there that has to do with
the human
brain yeah if you want to just put it
that way yeah and what if you can charge
that brain
what if you can do things to your brain
with all of the things in your
environment that will make
you like
[Music]
Eve yeah and if you don't have any
respect for Eve then you're not
interested you're not interested in the
right somebody was been asking me did
you give the formula no I didn't give it
out it's been sitting there right
sitting there and G him go find it right
it's right there everybody loves it
right give it um what is that who is
this matis now I want you to I'm going
to surprise you I know you're thinking
oh where's he going here's the first big
surprise are you ready matus who is that
that that is prophetic
utterance that is Imagination who is
she she are you ready she is the one
that beautiful beautiful
goddess that Beau beautiful godess she's
the one and she's in Zeus's head she's
in Zeus's head and what do we have to do
with her we have to
bring her out and what happens when you
crack open God's head and I'm not
talking Yahoo Yahoo's got a a warrant
trans transdimensional arrest warrant
out for him so um finally which I should
have announced good news but um I'm
talking about Zeus
who is Zeus who is God the word in Greek
means
god right it doesn't mean a god it means
God and who is the god to the Greeks
he's the one whose head contains the
Athena he's the one whose head contains
the Virgin that we all worship and make
democracy
with yeah
she's the only God that everyone else is
scared of I want you to think about that
for a minute I want you to think about
that yeah the dragon fears none but the
medwa do you understand do you have eyes
that are open do you understand the
a yeah now you can hear the cult because
I'm expressing the Vox
explicitly right love it love it right
that's what you get it's the reward in
the serial box that you get you know
give it to me um more
aboutus I just want you to see Council
council plan undertaking look the poet's
craft they're talking about craft Now
give me the next one chewy boom um these
things when they're mixed up a lot of
them can be good A lot of them can be
good and we can end up in this
savior's positioning right we can end up
in our cult with Pion and that's a
remember that's a Healing medical cult
that is run by a dude who plays a
guitar right I know they call it a Gea
right but it's the same fraking word for
guitar right fantastic so um here he is
if you don't believe me right they've
got them all over the place you find
these things you know absolutely
gorgeous why because they wanted to be
artists right check out the Byzantine
crap that you get right check it out
it's terrible under the influence of
monism the art goes to
hell now next one please let's go to a
few more these and feel these out each
person is a doctor I want you
toce that for the students who were
working with the attic Greek look at the
first word eatos that should beatos
right no uhuh we've got some ionian
lengthening sne sneaking into Homer
isn't that gorgeous isn't that gorgeous
and by the way by the way this is the
very Foundation of Greek society this
work that we're reading
tonight so nobody has any room to say
well he learn that stuff in gayen you
know but what about the rest of the
literature no you got no excuse exuses
you got no excuses don't you want to be
there look I want to be in Chewy's
pictures sometime you know what I mean
blow it up for a
minut oh that's nice that's nice no it's
gorgeous I think what is that in the
right
corner I think it's I think it's
gorgeous the concepts are elegant chew
you do um you do such a masterful job I
really like it go hit the next one um
look people I just want you to notice
here that these are the drugs that she's
got this Egyptian woman has specifically
given them to her right and just look at
the first
line to the one two three four fifth
word Fara you see that now look at the
fourth line to the first word
faraka not only do they tell us what
these drugs are and what they do but
they tell us where they come
from now I'm gonna ask you
Garrett did you
read the
Odyssey did you read
it you know what Garrett read for his
history courses he read maybe one book
along the way on Ancient medicine and he
sound saw saw something on the mithraic
and that was it it blew his mind give me
the next Source let pull that out no
Garrett's going to feel it tonight man
he's going to feel this he need needs to
for his career sake right Zoros what
kind of land are we in what kind of land
are we in we're in that land where some
authors drive it from Z and it
means
boros explained by hisus what is that
it's lifegiving it's lifegiving mama
don't she love that that's sexy sexy
lifegiving
mama right give me the next one this is
what Egypt is you know what Egypt gives
us she gives us
drugs you know where she gives them she
gives them to us right out of where we
drive the
furrow right out of where the plow goes
in that's where she gives us the
drugs
mama okay Garrett this is something
you've never seen
before right I hate to pop
you oh did I almost just say that was I
think I misspoke
Jame yeah there it goes I'm sorry it's
like a bow movement of my psyche um
let's go did you know you can psych you
can psychically take a poop anywhere did
you you know that and sometimes you
could it smells you know what I mean and
other people are like right they don't
realize that you just took a psychic
dump right get in Inky do get back in
the pit right chewy can you go fill that
thing couple of
burritos G to do it you know what I mean
it's funny it's funny when it you know
splatters let's go what is this people
this is edius of amid my God man stop
being crw it's edus of amida and who is
this um he's a physician and he happens
to be I knew you'd like this he happens
to be a
dude who invented a really good abortion
drug yeah a compound drug it just comes
right out
fantastic
fantastic you no cuz you know what you
do when you make advances like that your
death rate goes down and that's what you
want man you don't want women dying
right you don't want to even think of
you don't want to have to live in a
society where people are wondering why
is the death
rate of one of our
Sexes going up you don't something's
wrong Physicians notice that kind of
thing and this physician creates a
drug where it's a compound whereby a
woman can very very
safely remove a
fetus yeah right isn't that nice isn't
that nice life that was
pro-life that was pro-life can you
believe that that was that was pre
Hitler America
right it was they call it PHA right um
oh you didn't realize that they reset
all of the calendars in the future they
reset all the calendars from BC and anod
Domin because they didn't want it they
didn't want somebody of Jesus's known
reputation to be setting the calendar so
they set it for the date that America
decided for itself to follow a dude who
admires Adolf
Hitler yes that's what we did they reset
the dates it's fantastic that'll make
work people that'll yeah preh Hitler
America that's it PHA they call it right
fantastic all the stuff we're going to
have to resurrect for the coming
Renaissance people it's too much it's
too much right the forces are there
they're at the gate what do we do give
me the same one people Garrett I want
you to take a look at this buddy and I
want you to see a couple of things I
want you to see satanic congregation pay
attention to what's going I want you to
see a couple things here um just look at
the third from the bottom and you see
the therapy for melancholy right
Melancholy Melancholy is a specific
specific condition that has specific
mental symptoms if you will yes right
and what do you do um it's all about the
drugs that they're using to trade it and
I just want you to say um in every one
of of these paragraphs that are treating
these different ailments they are going
to be using
drugs in cases of what you and I would
think were purely physical and in cases
that you and I would say wait a minute
that's psychology or Psychiatry what are
you
doing right fantastic um for the for the
people who are really into the esoteric
stuff I'm going to give you some right
if you're looking at the table I'm going
to give you a glimpse right all those
esoteric nerds out there all those
esoteric nerds you know I deliver all
those esoteric nerds look under the
table okay what do we see in the second
to last on the left hand column per
Lucan
thopas per
lucanus what does that mean okay you go
did you see it it's hay give me the next
one
that'll make sense don't look at me
Chewy that'll make sense it has to do
it's an esoteric reference somebody will
find it somebody will find it and it'll
turn them on they'll be like oh I see
why I said that right we're getting to
places look I just want to give him
something I just want to give him
something it's nice A little yeah you
guys go looking for that that was edius
of am right oh God now look what is what
does edas say he says look many of these
melancholics
right these guys are just they um they
just run off to the aphrodisiac Palace
of Joy baby right they get all sexy mad
right um these people they're kind of
they lose it they they let go of their
mental faculties and it's really
pathetic he says right it invokes you
know it's really it's a lot of pity
right right and they're doing what
they're crying all the time and they
want to go off and be alone in some kind
of desolate place right all by
themselves and some of them turn to
those trying to get those demons out
trying to get the demons out by the by
those drug using Greek wizard
people right um who are these people
they s like they belong to a city or
anything it's just traditions of drug
use in the you know there's ways to
treat your demons did you think Jesus
was the first Christ to ever cast out a
demon Tiddly witley
no absolutely not the stuff's going on
they're talking about it right you're
saying what
what nobody reads these texts oh he
exaggerates excuse me if you haven't
done the
work step out of the kitchen you know
what I mean oh it's sexy baby you know
it you know that's why you love to come
here give me the next
one what is
this oh look here's a escapades is going
to have his own he's going to have his
own kind of cures and I just want to
show you some plants and whatnot there's
a whole bunch of what is this thing for
look at the third line
theak you remember how our tour guide
was tell is thec and what it was and
it's this all cure all that's you know
for no it's not I told you it wasn't do
you know what this
says right it says this thing they're
talking about is the thec and it's a
good one for
elephantiasis it's a
treatment right you don't understand the
and he said Theo means like wow creature
right and oh they had snake and oh it
must have taste bad right do do you see
how that's tour guide [ __ ] it's tour
guide
[ __ ] you can you can pull out any
narrative out of your hoo-ha that you
want what does the actual text
say right that's what we want we want
what the actual text says give us the
actual text again chewy look at the it's
a thec and it's a good one for elephant
T what is the thec they're treatments
they're forms of treatments
and Marcus aelius is getting treated by
Galen over time and he's being given a
thec that is responding he's responding
remarkably well
to yeah that's what he says neither of
these people that we featured earlier
tonight neither of them has
read galin's the actop piso I gave it to
Hamilton you want to see where all this
stuff is there it
is somebody's translated it
yay Jesus Christ people let's catch up
let's catch up it's amazing I don't know
why I don't know why it's just I don't
know people want to believe the world is
one way oh did you get inside there for
a minute oh I felt that that was a I'm
gonna punch this I'm gonna I'm gonna
punch this dude sarabellum bro just boom
right there oh God sleepy time have a
nice sleep right good dreams I'm coming
and guess what I don't
discriminate give it to me what is this
oh it's a whole bunch of drugs what did
I want to show you this
for I don't even
remember it's a whole bunch of yeah no
it does it have a Christ thing anywhere
Chey I hope it is a Christ
what was I doing right it's a whole
bunch of drugs people look hey for you
people who don't think they were on
drugs look yeah that's aoia um that's
one of them that they keep talking about
in the gynecological stuff um but that
wasn't why I can't remember oh here look
in the third line in at least we've got
ALU right we've got
ALU what is what is the oppos it's the
juice you're going to love this it's the
juice does anybody know do we have any
opium poppies the juice is the stuff
that comes off the Opium poppy when they
make slits now this one is blooming that
one's a little bit messed up but the one
on the back see right they don't do it
when it's blooming it's too late right
see the one in the back that's got the
that's got the um the head of the
capsule is complete right what all we do
is we make slits in that right and we
get this milk from it right now this
drug has been used for a long long time
to alter mood to alter mood so I mean
it's scientifically just
absurd to
deny that there are drugs that they're
using in the ancient world to treat
things like mood and to see how you you
can make you feel better to kill your
pain to kill your
pain right um these are not doctors
prescribing these drugs all the time
Virgil do you realize keep those poppies
up there Virgil the great poet of the
anid which is book six is I got to take
you there because I'll take you there
next week because the um we go to hell
and it it's one of those and it's God
it's gorgeous and so sexy and the cble
is there she's dressed like oh God it
makes ah we'll go there next week but
vir tells us hey this is how you grow
poppies because every good Roman
Gardener must have
opium
right
right those kids are on opium did you
know that they don't want to say anybody
was on right did you hear him talking
about oh God Marcus arus oh the
meditations are you kidding that could
not have been written while somebody's
under the influence of drugs and by the
way Galen didn't talk about Marcus
aelius as um just Mr oh it's oh it's a
little sleepy time I'm gonna give him a
drug a little sleepy time no he said I'm
sick of freaking adjusting his dosage up
the dude is taking too
much Marcus aelius wasn't just a dude
who was oh sleepy time see how they try
to make they try to take the past and
anything that bothers them they take a
poop on it and they just like they did
the capital just like they did just walk
in take a crap on the
floor yeah well guess what this Dojo is
where we do the Greek and you are out
you are out give it to me give it to me
by the way we're having we're having
tomorrow night Ama I thought I think I
said it was Sunday but it's tomorrow
night it's Saturday so um and I'm just
going to answer all of the questions
that you have and I'm going to answer
them from the depths of my booty so it's
coming to you it's coming to you be
careful what you ask me that's what I
I'm passing that on to you directly from
the devil be careful what you ask me
tomorrow night what time is it
yeah and by the way we're not making any
money off this people right
right that's another thing those
academics you got to pay them for stuff
you got to pay them did you know that
they make thousands of dollars to go
talk to go talk yeah I'd come up with
bs2 if that's how I made my you know
what I mean I mean I look let's invoke
Nemesis here you know if it you know but
by Grace
man I haven't gone ended up that way
right right right just keep that in mind
people when it comes and somebody's like
here put it to you here do you want this
goodie oh yeah this looks good take some
of this right you hear that tone of
voice take some of this right that's
from those academics that's what they do
they do give it to me it's time they
have to be corrected
right of course they do the people love
this anyway oh look at the second line
inis we got more christing oh look they
got castorian right next to that oh
that's
nice right oh God all natural stuff
people but again we're in christing it
in case nobody nobody you know forgot
you know remembers I don't know give me
the next one in
Christ um Christ your forehead dummy
that's what the instructions are here to
the
person right what did he do he christed
his forehead why is that a lot of stuff
we're doing is going into the eyes it's
part of the deal right you put those
bases on to cover the skin while you're
getting treated and you say wait a
minute this is medicine I thought it was
cult
yes
yes it is medicine it is
C oh my God they didn't have
recreational
drugs have you seen enough are you done
Garrett are you done Garrett do you want
more people do we want to give him more
I kind of want to give a couple more HOA
right give it here come on give it give
it to oh that's way too long that's way
too long look at the third line in look
at the third line in the second to last
word Kat
right more chising and what are they
chising with there they're Ching that
Saras with the Kon those of you who know
the who know the purple know the purple
right we also have mushrooms there oh
didn't somebody ask me if we have
mushrooms didn't somebody ask me if
we've got purple and
mush
mushrooms okay take a look at it the
Cleon is also a measurements so don't
get that confused right it's kind of can
be confusing everyone look at in the on
the next line down line five
katak that's where we do it with the
foreheads right we're putting all that
stuff on right oh God it's so much and
then he says look gayen has this um has
this kind of Curative and he gives a
Croc of magment whole bunch of see
there's a list of ingredients oh it's
yummy it's yummy and look at the fair
last word I want you to notice oh it's
so look at the last word kak and look at
the first word kak what are they doing
they're christing left and right people
are getting
sexy oh it's gorgeous give me the next
one give me the next one it's too much
christing right fumigating too people
don't forget this is all the midst of
fumigation you know what funny I'd like
to put Garrett in the time machine and
kick his ass out at one of these
initiations and watch him change his
being and get born again and then tell
me there no
Recreation give me the next one did you
read this stuff um the first word here
tresos that's the that is the wheel that
is in Revelation right that is the wheel
oh look we've got some meic some meic
opium Isn't that cool they've they
you've got it by the regions you know
what I mean um those mes and their opium
right and it's got it all here
and uh
next
well oh there we are okay okay afron
nitron is I don't that's take some oil
here and put this
someon right look at line three what are
we doing with all these drugs
kopon
to did I bring that one did I bring that
one I think I've got it oh and by the
way it says F in the end right it's got
a drug right there in the end is that it
yeah that's it what are we doing people
now this is going to blow your mind are
you ready this is going to totally mix
up your
religion and your medicine bton toy
farco
theas what are your mukas those are your
nostrils what are you doing to your
nostrils di you're thoroughly christing
them and what are you th what are you
doing as you thoroughly Christ them bton
you're baptizing yourself to
farco with the
[Music]
drug okay right you wondered some people
wondered why do they have stuff coming
out of their nostrils bro
right christing people is a very
specific ancient operation and you can
Christ the nostrils just like you can
the throat you can Christ your
throat they do that it's you just put it
on a little medical applicator shaped
like a
cucumber right and if you don't like
that I mean you can do other things but
you've got to get that medicine in there
to your
throat do you understand so what do you
do you in Christ
it fantastic who is the one who is
christed the one who was christed is
drugged people says pharmacon all over
it you cannot miss it people are
backwards and do not read these sources
let's straighten them out let's turn
them 180° see the reality go for it
chewy oh people I told you it's all
about the ladies milk this is the
gala Cleon You Gotta Have It War warm
too right that's what it says no I'm
serious with the
Cleon yeah right this is the fresh stuff
this is the fresh stuff and we're going
to be
combining ladies milk with drugs and not
just any lady's milk she's got to be the
right
lady she's got to be the right lady do
you get
it my nurse was a
goat and
she was
gorgeous do you understand who I am I am
Zeus
I am
nourished nourished by that
goat is it true you can turn a woman's
breast into a
manufactury
of
medicine it's is true as it is that you
can turn it into a device for nourishing
a child
it is now
imagine should you combine
both if you do you will find a savior a
child of
God fantastic fantastic give us a little
bit more I just want to make sure this
is clear make sure it's clear where was
the boom yep there it is um people just
so you can believe me this is another
medical it's just a title of a section
and these are the EP of the eyes these
are the Christ things of the eyes when
do you Christ the eyes and for what
purpose do you Christ the eyes fantastic
do you understand under what conditions
do you do this you realize this is all
rubbing up against the casting out of
demons so on the Christ side the
pharmaceutical side of Jesus you have
the drugs
you have him offering you death inducers
you want to take a death Jesus isn't at
the concert you know what the world is
it's an eighth grade dance and Jesus
Christ is standing outside the door
handing out drugs not just any drugs
when Jesus hands out drugs he hands out
death
inducers right this isn't weed this
isn't mushrooms this isn't some kind of
LSD
no it's not even
Viagra it's a death
inducer right it's very dangerous you
could be sitting in your pool
overlooking the beautiful world and all
of your
glory and
Bam
right death successfully induced
death successfully induced and because
you've got the Galan as the note pointed
out thank you very much satanic
congregation as long as you've got the
Galan you've got the resurrection and
where is that Galan coming from it's
coming from that
breast yeah it's Cirus it's not normal
it's Sirus and that prophetes who is
giving you the substance that will keep
you alive and how are you driving it
from her breast how do you think you
are this is during a right where you're
drugged and engaged in sexual activity
with a
priest right do you understand
right fantastic now now are you ready
when I say priest by the way um I really
mean Priestess but I I feel like it's
derog
like priest s like it's like priest
light or something right but I'm talking
about
women right these are the texts these
are the texts even as early as lyric
poetry show me that lyric poetry that
first one I brought it's this one watch
this people this is in the 600s BC and
what are they talking about they're
talking about christing something with a
drug do you see the word pharmacon and
then there's a Lacuna there's a little
hole there
right and it's
EP right okay good as early as lyric
poetry is at its height this process of
christing is a part of society it is
only your warped
perception that this is something that
was unique to one person whose name was
Jesus fantastic he's doing what
everybody else is doing doing right
since there nothing new right thank you
Jesus put down the drugs leave the naked
kid alone or you're gonna get crucified
just like you said you would oh he was
prophetic yeah right I know there are a
lot of there's a lot of mobsters out
there who prophetically got put into
prison for a very long time yeah right
it's what happens Give me the give me
the next one people I want you to see
the actuality
look here it is in its actual form you
know I told you there's that little hole
these are those little holes in the
parchment right in the Papyrus excuse me
these are those little
holes right fantastic little Luni they
call them there's the Greek for those of
you who have not yet seen actual Greek I
want you to see that there's no
separation between the the words right
there's no it's just a string of letters
string of letters right
love it absolutely gorgeous and then
yeah that's I just wanted to end you
know what I wanted to end with this I
want you to see a woman that you may not
have seen and for those of you who think
uh women got the short end of the stick
in Antiquity because you're stupid
historians are saying such stupid
ignorant things I want you to see that
in this lyric poetry the woman is the
drug
knowledge she is the one who performs
she is the
faraka she is the one who contains just
like her ancestors she is the one who
has that power do you understand right
so um I wanted people to see the
creation of doctors and I wanted them to
see how
religion and drugs and sex brought you
salvation
and medicine I want you to
see where mettis comes from and I want
you to worship that virgin in reality by
understanding and seeing the history and
knowing that that everything that you've
been
learning about Judaism
Christianity those monism are black
holes and around those black holes your
history becomes distorted just like it
did with the worship of atin with the
Egyptians right this is not a cultural
specific
phenomenon right it is all about a
virus a replicating
message that
destroys thank you for coming tonight I
appreciate did you have anything else
chewy that you want to flash up there
wait
who oh um here's the Gown by the way
what happens when you drug it um it
killed
him right um that's what happens when
you use these drugs people right but
don't worry because he was trying to die
anyway right he was you know he's you
know the son of Zeus man how's it going
to finally end up you know after a while
it must have gotten a little bit stale I
mean he shot all his kids did you
know he shot all his kids yeah you
didn't know that right remember Hercules
is involved in the cult and the only one
that's allowed in Hercules cult with his
boys is
Meda does that sound familiar to you
nobody sat down like the academics will
tell you and
composed the New Testament because based
upon the model that they had seen in the
in the Greek that's the most
Preposterous stupidity I've ever heard
but that's the kind of stuff that
Scholars
do but the same mystery is being
performed that requires a female and
anthropologically a female with drug
knowledge the ability to create
communion and
Christ this is the same Tech it's is the
same religion and Jesus Christ is in the
middle of it and that's why he gets
arrested with boys in a public park one
of them being naked the other ones being
drugged thank you for coming tonight as
you notice I gave you none of my
ideas I gave you
texts have a good one I'll see you
tomorrow for any kind of question you
want to ask hail Satan show me big BS of
BL purple finger sticky touch H it up to
mix a lot I cannot lie I Like Big Butts
Mony Carlo cruising up B see my my my
and Lady Justice I trust Vella with the
leather whip in a red Co set and
stiletto heels the drug will take him to
hell she likes the darkest dreams snake
witch with Dragons dancing rock and roll
the stone Romancing
she sent you to the Dark Harbor to pick
up the stash it's a Monster Mash try
some high purple you'll have a
bash why you so serious I'm The Man Who
Laughs lady
Babylon in a
chariot by a seven headed beast dragon
drum I love you Mama dear hell Satan
turn it up out the speakers dope
Tweakers the tracks a banger
[Applause]